# Here is my title
## The authors
### 2014

Previous research has outlined the eye-region as the most salient feature in a face. Event-related potential studies showed that the face-sensitive N170 component is larger in response to isolated eyes relative to other face features, suggesting that the N170 could be triggered by the eye-region. However Zerouali et al. (2013), showed that for inverted faces, the optimal fixation position was mainly clustered in the upper part of the visual field. In addition Taniga et al. (in prep), using standard face images and scrambled non face images, observed for both stimuli, a higher N170 amplitude linked to the upper visual field perception. Questioning the N170 modulation as being dependent of the stimuli characteristics rather than a general perceptual upper visual field advantage effect. To address this question, EEG and eye-tracking measurements were recorded and monitored simultaneously to allow an accurate sampling of electrical brain signals from fixated image regions, while participants viewed face shaped checkerboards. ERPs were averaged by gaze location (upper, mid and lower visual field). Our results revealed that the optimal fixation position (i.e., eliciting the largest N170s) is located on the upper-visual field, with a decreasing effect from the upper to the lower the visual field. Such results suggest that the N170 modulation arise from visual field advantage effect. Raising the possibility that the effect of gaze location on face processing is based on a general retinotopic visual setting enhancing visual information located in the lower visual field rather than the neural.